Add initial monorepo template (#778)
jaredpalmer/tsdx: templates/monorepo/README.md

# TSDX Monorepo User Guide

## Usage

This monorepo is setup for a dummy `@mono/` NPM organization. There are 2 packages by default:

- `@mono/react` - A placholder React component
- `@mono/utils` - A utils packages

Unlike other TSDX templates, the developer experience for this template is currently a bit more manual.

> Your first order of business will be to search and replace `@mono` for the npm organization of your own.

Reviewer: Also need to change author/username and LICENSE file

Author: Lerna syncs the license from root prior to publishing for each package. https://github.com/lerna/lerna/commit/58635642ae929d38985b0a458e19eb4f4d89ccba

After that you can install all the dependencies in the root directory. Since the monorepo uses Lerna and Yarn Workspaces, npm CLI is not supported (only yarn).

```sh
yarn install
```

This will install all dependencies in each project, build them, and symlink them via Lerna

## Development workflow

In one terminal, run tsdx watch in parallel:

```sh
yarn start
```

> This builds each package to `<packages>/<package>/dist` and runs the project in watch mode so any edits you save inside `<packages>/<package>/src` causes a rebuild to `<packages>/<package>/dist`. The results wil stream to to the terminal.

Reviewer 2: Just noticed a couple of typos in this paragraph: "The results will stream to the terminal."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This builds each package to `<packages>/<package>/dist` and runs the project in watch mode so any edits you save inside `<packages>/<package>/src` cause a rebuild to `<packages>/<package>/dist`. The results will stream to to the terminal.
```

### Using the example/playground

> YOu can play with local packages in the Parcel-powered example/playground.

Reviewer 2: Another small typo in this sentence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can play with local packages in the Parcel-powered example/playground.
```

```sh
cd example
yarn install # or yarn install
yarn start
```

> This will start the example/playground on `localhost:1234`. If you have lerna running watch in parallel mode in one terminal, and then you run parcel, your playground will hot reload when you make changes to any imported module whose source is inside of `packages/*/src/*`. Note that to accomplish this, each package's `start` command passes TDSX the `--noClean` flag. This prevents Parcel from exploding between rebuilds because of File Not Found errors.

Reviewer 3: This helps readability, please approve.

Important Safety Tip: When adding/altering packages in the playground, use `alias` object in package.json. This will tell Parcel to resolve them to the filesystem instead of trying to install the package from NPM. It also fixes duplicate React errors you may run into.

#### Yalc

[Yalc](https://github.com/whitecolor/yalc) is alternative to `yarn/npm link` (and Parcel aliasing) that many developer find useful because it more closely mimics how NPM works. It works kind of like local package registry via filesystem and symlinking magic.

To do this, install yalc globally.

Using NPM:

```sh
npm i yalc -g
```

Using Yarn:

```sh
yarn global add yalc
```

Then in each package's `start` command add a [`yalc publish`](https://github.com/whitecolor/yalc#publish) or `yalc push` as an TSDX `--onSuccess` hook.

```diff
"scripts": {
-   "start": "tsdx watch --verbose --noClean",

> +   "start": "tsdx watch --verbose --noClean --onSuccess yalc publish",

Reviewer 3: +1
